I.      Course Title:

        1.0 Cadence RTL to GDSII - Course Database

II.     Course Developer:

        Krishna Atreya atreya@cadence.com

III.    Minimum Hardware Requirements:
	Make sure you have installed all the software needed for these labs. 
	Look up the hardware (HW) requirements for the software from 
	http://downloads.cadence.com 

	For some software, you can also run checkSysConf <RelName>.
	To see a list of software that allows checkSysConf, use 
	checkSysConf -r

	We do not require parallel processing for these labs, but a parallel processing step 
	might require additional setup and HW.

	Lab requirement - retain at least 500 MB for the course 
	duration for saving of intermediate files and designs.

IV.     Software Products Required:

	An X-Window environment is required to run the software.
   
	This course uses the following software:
		Xcelium Simulator (XCELIUM1704)
		Integrated Metric Center (IMC64,XCELIUM1704)
		Genus Synthesis Solution (GENUS162)
		Encounter Test or Modus (ET162)
		Conformal Logic Equivalence Checker (CONFRML162)
		Innovus Implementation System (INNOVUS162)
		Tempus Timing Signoff Solution (SSV152 or SSV162)
		Voltus Power Signoff Solution (SSV152 or SSV162)
		Quantus RC Extraction (SSV152 or SSV162)

        Software reference Manuals are available online at http://support.cadence.com.

V.      Loading and Set Up of Database
	Once you have the database, make sure that the files inside are complete and not corrupt.
	If it is a tar,gz, you will have to:
	tar zxvf <filename.tar.gz>
	OR
	gunzip <filename.tar.gz>
	tar xvf <filename.tar>

	If it is a tar.Z, you have to:
	uncompress <filename.tar.Z>
	and then,
	tar xvf <filename.tar>

	If it is a zip file, use:
	unzip <filename.zip>

VI.     Testing the course installation:

        Run the test script and verify the results.

	Typically the testscript checks all the files.
	Then, the cadence software and licenses are loaded and automatically closed. 
  	   
	This all takes 10-15 minutes. If it completes successfully, 
	then your database and software are correctly loaded.
	
	If you are not in a Cadence classroom, make sure you installed the software, 
	set all the paths within .class_setup file correctly, and have already installed the proper licenses.

	Then, test the database installation, by entering:
		ln -s .test/testscript.cmd .testscript # Optional step
		source .testscript
		If the script passes through without any error then you can be confident that:
		 there are no errors with the tool and you have setup the database correctly.

		If not:
			If you still have a problem running the lab, 
			please look into what the error is in the .test/testReport file and try to fix it. 
			You may not have installed the required software in your path.
			You may not have a proper license.
		Check and fix these issues.
		Otherwise please contact Cadence Design Systems Inc.


